my boys are growing up in a world where
I don't think they've ever questioned
whether or not a woman could be a doctor
or whether or not a man could be a
dancer they're not assigning roles to
gender because that's their reality
but unfortunately outdated stereotypes
are still very much alive today so we as
parents need to be raising kids that are
aware and mindful that just because they
are not hearing these sort of things on
a regular basis that they are very real
[Music]
one day when my boys were younger we
went to a popular fast food restaurant
and the person working the drive-through
asks me is that for a boy or is it for a
girl we were quiet in the car and my
boys are like why does that matter
so we get to the window and they give us
these kid meals and it turns out the
reason that they are asking is because
there are two very specific toy options
one of which is for boys one of which is
for girls and my boys did not want that
toy those for the boy we had to park the
car and go inside to make them give me
the toy for a girl these conversations
are important because what they see from
me and from their mother and from
society that is going to shape their
view of gender roles in our home I take
on a lot of responsibilities that
previous generations would have scoffed
at the idea of a man doing laundry and
dropping off the kids at practice and
going on field trips and changing
diapers and conversely my wife she'll
fix the dryer she'll put in a ceiling
fan frankly she's better at that than I
am so why wouldn't she do that for our
boys to grow up seeing that in action
and know that it's not staged that it's
our reality that's going to open them up
to so many other possibilities I'm not
saying all you can't ever talk to your
girls about bunnies if they love bunnies
you can only talk to them about science
meet them where they are
you know and same with boys by no means
don't want to imply that it's wrong for
kids to embrace things that they enjoy
just because it falls on one side or the
other just that it shouldn't be mandated
by us kids can be anything girls can be
strong boys can be strong girls can be
sensitive boys can be sensitive and
everybody loves glitter to see kids grow
up embracing that it makes it for such a
brighter future a healthier environment
for everyone
[Music]